# CSE330
link: http://ec2-18-212-3-115.compute-1.amazonaws.com/~imanolgh/mod3group/login.html

Welcome to the news-sharing website I created along with a partner.  The purpose of this project was to create a webpage that allowed users to register an account with a username and password (which is hashed and salted) before logging in.  After registering and logging in, users can post news-stories to the webpage by adding a title, body, and link to the story.  Users can view all posts they have posted, as well as posts that other users have posted.  Users can edit and delete posts that they have posted (users CANNOT edit or delete posts that other users have posted).  Users can also comment on any post, as well as edit or delete comments that they have added (again, users  CANNOT edit or delete comments they didn't originall add).  All data (user information, stories, comments, links, etc.) is stored in a MySQL database.  Users can login as a guest instead of registering an account.  Guests can only view the posts and comments sections, however they cannot add posts, comments, or modify existing ones.  If you login as a guest and no posts/comments have been added, you will see no posts/comments.   

Finally, a user can also login as an administrator by inputting "password" as the admin password -- very creative I know! The admin does not have the limitations that a normal user does. It can add, edit, or delete any post/comment, regardless of who originally posted it.  The admin is a permanent user and can remove any user except themself.  A user cannot create a new account and register themself with "password" as their password, since "password" is reserved for the admin password.  Additionally, if a user wishes to delete their account, they can do so via the bottom of the home screen. They do this by entering their username. A user can only remove themself and not other users in the database. The only person who can remove other users is the admin.

Notable collaborator: Scott Sobol, github link: https://github.com/scottsobol
